our K years it's super Alpine racer at
amusement expo 2014
yes been dynamic OHS Alpine racers back
for the modern arcade thanks to a
partnership between them and raw thrills
sporting a large vertical screen a
swivel platform for the feet and an air
blower for that wind in your face effect
it's the first skiing game to appear in
arcade since well since the last alpine
racer was released back in the 90s at
the show they only had a single unit set
up as you can see however the game does
support linked multiplayer concept is
pretty straightforward your skier will
go automatically and you just have to
navigate the turns as you rush down the
mountain true chat the raw thrills style
of games like super bikes or winter
x-games snow cross arcades the locations
you ski on like Mount Everest the
Matterhorn or Kilimanjaro are presented
in an over-the-top fashion with plenty
of jumps for your character to do tricks
off book it's limited to four characters
to ski with on these three tracks you
get ahead by landing your position
between the gates which gives you a
boost the higher the gate streak the
faster you go it has an air blower built
into the control panel to produce a nice
little wind effect after the game ends
you can scan a QR code with the
smartphone to upload your score to the
Internet this game is available for
arcades and other entertainment venues
to purchase now so keep
for it
you